Hi and welcome to the video
of meet your instructor.
Hi, meet me.
My name is Hitesh.
I really wanted to have this
video because we'll be spending
so much of time together
in learning Python and we're going
to be enjoying this so much.
I really wanted to have a personal
connection and knowing a little
bit more about me and my style of
teaching and what I've been doing
in life makes our connection more
stronger and you'll be feeling
much more comfortable in the
course now.
Don't worry, I'm not going to.
I will not bore you too much
with the details of every
single thing, but enough that
you get the confidence that
you are in the right hand.
And I've been doing this
for a really long time.
My name is Satish and I did my
engineering in electronics
and communications, specifically not
in computer science.
So yes, anybody can
learn how to code.
It really is also not a walk
in the park, but especially
it's not really that difficult.
Anybody can learn to code now.
Once I finished my engineering
I moved into the Python ecosystem,
especially in the cybersecurity,
but then quickly moved
into the development role,
especially iOS development.
And then thereafter I moved
into web development
and databases and JavaScript
and again Python based development
and a whole lot of things.
Now during my life I have done
a fair bit of my startups as well.
Some of them failed and really I love
to show off about them as well.
Two of them worked really well
and they got acquired
with a pretty big deal and I
enjoyed that deal after that.
Currently also I'm running
two of my startups, running
pretty good, one of them serving
around 22 million users.
So yes we really know how to scale
up the things and how
to write great quality softwares.
And apart from that I also
run two YouTube channels.
One is hitting a million
subscribers, it is already done
by the time you will be watching.
Another one has already crossed
half a million subscriber and my
specialty is to turn the toughest
topic into the easiest one.
I read a lot of books about teaching
and especially yes I do read about
the tech as well like Python,
JavaScript and all that but I also
read a lot about the teaching
mechanism, how to deliver engaging
content and one of my specialties
to turn the toughest topic into the
easiest one.
I use a lot of approach in teaching
like for example for frameworks and
library I use the approach of first
style of learning that is you get
into the details, explore every bit
out of it and see that oh, there is
no magic in this framework, go
inside detail and create those
features.
This is also first person
kind of a learning,
first principle learning.
But there is another style that I
have explored over the year which
is kind of exploration learning
or hunting learning and
experimenting learning in which
you just go ahead and investigate
the things.
I officially termed it as
investigative learning but there is
no official documentation about it
in which you try to investigate
the things as you write them.
This especially works really well
in the programming languages
and especially when
the ground details are required.
So for this entire course we'll
be providing and we'll be focusing
on moreover this investigative
style of learning and you'll be
thoroughly loving this part.
We'll be questioning every
output, we'll be questioning every
single line of code
that we're going to write.
And this is going to be one
of the most amazing class that you
have ever seen in the Python.
I've delivered Python
in the past as well in my YouTube
channels as well in Hindi and other
languages, regional.
But this course is exceptional.
I have spent months in just
preparing notes for this entire
course and then I realized now
that I have done my startups and
I enjoy teaching now I have no
hurry, nothing really is
important for me now.
It just all sit back and relax.
You will truly understand
what it takes to truly master
a language like Python.
And I'm pretty sure you're going
to be enjoying this part.
If you have any doubt anything,
reach me out on LinkedIn or Twitter.
I'm pretty much active there.
I tweet a lot, I spend
a lot of time on that.
So reach me out, don't hesitate
and if there is any topic which
requires more video, more knowledge
or more explanation or something
is missing, just tweet me out.
I would love to add that topic here.
So I guess that is quite more
than enough in the intro
about me and now I, I think
you also get that, that okay.
And again another thing that I would
like to mention about me is I enjoy
not just mindlessly like a robotic
way of just delivering the videos.
I prefer to have a style in it, ups
and downs on the videos and voices
and I love storytelling as well.
And my lectures are
a little bit laid back.
It's not really fast paced.
You're going to enjoy that.
If you wish you can turn me up into
1.5 but I prefer a laid back style
because your brain actually needs
some time to process the videos and
move it into the secondary storage
so that it's permanently saved a lot
of time.
People try to just move things
quickly in 1.5x or 2x and then
realize, I don't get the confidence
about this because you didn't allow
your brain to process this and move
into secondary storage so that it's
permanent.
So please don't do this.
Enjoy, the style.
It's not a race, it's a marathon.
Once you do Python with me, you
never have to look back again.
This is not going to be a tutorial
help, and this is going to be one
of the course which you will
absolutely commit complete.
Yes.
And we do run, also a lot of reward
programs as well on Twitter.
Whoever completes some section or
we give away tea shirts as well.
So there's a lot that going on.
Follow me up on Twitter as
well, and I think that's more
than enough of an intro.
Let's catch back and move
into the Python journey.